Step1: Start
step2: Insert ATM card into ATM machine
step3: check the card is valid or not
step4: if the card is not valid hold the card then goto step9
step5: select the language
step6: enter the pin
step7: select any option
        a. Cash withdrawal 
        b. Account balance inquiry 
        c. Transfer funds 
        d. Bill payment 
        e. Change pin

step8: if you choose "cash withdrawal" follow (i-iv) steps9 
                 i. select savings/current
                 ii enter the amount
                iii.collect the cash 
                 iv.retrieve your card 

      else if you choose "Account balance inquiry" follow (i-iii) steps and go to step9
                 i. select from account type - current or savings
                ii. displays the balance
                iii.retrieve your card

      else if you choose "Transfer funds" follow  ( i-vii  )steps and go to step9
                 i. select bank
                ii. select savings/current
               iii. enter the required details - bank account number/ bank name
                iv. choose bank account type
                 v. enter the amount
                vi. it displays "succesfully transferred"
               vii.retrieve your card

      else if you choose " Bill payment " follow ( i-vi  ) steps and go to step9
                i. select any of the options( a)water, b)electricity , c)Gas, d)telephone )  
               ii. enter consumer's account number
              iii. it displays the consumer's account number,name,billing amount
               iv. click "yes"
                v. it displays "transaction completed succesfully"
               vi .retrieve your card

       else if you choose " Change pin " follow ( i-v  ) steps and go to step9
                i. select language
               ii. enter new pin
              iii. re-enter the new pin
               iv. it displays "You are succesfully changed the atm pin"
                v. retrieve your card

step9.Stop














